My personal reflection for the first sprint

This course being the first in my exchange year at Chalmers, I was really glad to discover that it is a project course.
This will give me the opportunity to meet and work with new people, especially with regular Chalmers students.
I have already done a few programming projects for my courses, but never in a such big team of 6-7 members.
I am curious to see how well we will be able to split the work and interact with each other, while progressing in our 
work to deliver the best product we can in a given deadline.

I am excited to discover the agile way of managing a project from scratch and I find it really interesting that we are 
totally free to choose the kind of app we would deliver at the end of this course, being only limited by the theme of 
UN Sustainable Development goals. The fact that the result of this project can be truly useful for peaople to meet one or more of 
those sustainable goals is for me an additional motivation to do my best in this project. 
As I have never worked before using Scrum, I hope to learn as much as I can from it. This will be an occasion for me too learn how
to be more productive, while programming. Depending on the programming language my team will agree to use for this project I will
for sure improve my programming skills and knowledge in this language or rather I will learn a totally new one. 
Additionally this will also be an oppoetunity for me to discover a little bit better all the fonctionalities of GitHub, despite the 
fact that I have already used it in most of my previous projects.

Of course I won't be the only one in my team, learning new things and willing to improve my skills. I hope that I will be able to get to know 
what background differences I have (if any) with other members of the team and that all of us will learn how to take advantage from them. 
I am sure that in a team we can always learn something new from the others and I would be glad to help other members with some parts that I am 
maybe more familiar with. On the other side, I know that I learn a lot in every project I do and sometimes I must remember to ask for help if
I am stuck instead of trying to understand some parts by myself for too long. This is an important aspect of my work and project understanding that
I hope to improve.

Being a Scrum beginner, I hope to learn a lot. I will of course do the best I can to do my parts of the project and ask for help as soon as I see
that I am struggling to understand or finish by myself my part of the work. I think that a productive and regular work will be the essential part of
my contribution to make the project progress as established with the whole team.

In a team project like this I know that the communication between its memebers is usually the most important aspect to work on. I will do my best to 
communicate to my teammates any doubts I have or struggles I encounter to keep the work progressing. This will enable me to learn new things and very often
just a small help or advice is sufficient to make me understand what I was missing to be able to continue the work on my own. Working as a whole team and communicating during
each step of the project will make everyone more productive and we will be able to finish each sprint on time, delivering a code with quality and a good understanding of our
application in everyone's head.

I am aware that it can be a demanding project, but I am looking forward to learn from it as much as I can and have a first taste of what real computer engineers projects look like.

Cezary Januszek