Individual reflection week 5:

This week was particularly not productive from my side and I am not happy at all about it.
This was due to the fact that I did not manage to have enough time to handle both this sprint
and other activities(including my other course lab) that made me busy during this week. It is why
I feel like the organisation of this week's work wasn't perfect and I started to feel a little bit 
stressed with the current situation.

What is the current situation? (A)

This week we split our team in two smaller groups so that each of them implements one of the main
user stories of our app. The productivity of the two groups was not the same. The main issue was that
we did not have the correct version of the basis (home page with information/help) of the app on Git.
Therefore it wasn't obvious to continue with developping the next user stories on git branches. As the
notification system user story was pretty independant of the basis, this one was almost completely implemented.

Our supervisor advised us one more time to make our user stories more vertical, by specifying the backend 
tasks for each of them that were too horizontal. I took the initiative to change this aspect on Trello(Scrum board)
to make it more readable for all the team members to know what must be done for each user story to be completed.

I must admit that I became stressed, seeing that the final deadline is approaching and how inefficient I was this week.
However I am aware that stress strongly motivates me to work harder now and to improve my contribution to team deliveries.
  

What I want the situation to be? (B)

This next week should be more productive, especially from my side. We should plan all our team meetings for the week,
right after the supervision session on Monday, so it will be easier for all of us to keep track on our team deadlines.
I know that this will make me more efficient in my work. We also should make better use of our Scrum board, updating it regularly,
so that if a member of a team misses a team meeting it would be easier for him to know what decisions were made on it.
This is one of the aspect that made me a little bit lost at a moment during this week, concerning the progress of our work.
At the end of this week, we should already have the main features of our app implemented and merged on github.
Another thing that I would like to improve is the use of branches and how to correctly merge them. I think I already have a general 
understanding of it, but I still miss some practice.

I hope that this week will be the most productive one and that we will make good use of tools like Trello and git to keep updating
the team of the progress of implementing the user stories.

Plan to reduce the gap (A->B):

I think the most important aspect we have to improve within the team regarding last week is the planning communication. Our meetings
should be shorter but planned in advance, so everyone can split their own workload for the week. The fact that it wasn't the case last week
was an issue for me in particular. Once I know the deadlines I would planify better my work. 
In order to deliver the user stories we split among us, we will have also meetings in smaller groups, to discuss only on implementation.
In this way we will be also able to program in smaller groups (2-3 people), which will make sure that within the "user story" group everyone 
follows the work and knows how it progresses. What I really appreciate in this way of working is the possibility to brainstorm while writing 
code and it decreases the risk of being stuck with an issue. Splitting the specific tasks between members will allow us to work also on our 
own, continuing to learn AndroidStudio through work. Working on separate developpment branches (and not only the master) will help me to make 
better use of this tool on GitHub.

