My personal reflection week3:

This week our team had a first meeting with our supervisor. We received useful advices on how to start our project and which parts of what we have already done should be improved. The main thing on which we had to focus and change was our product backlog, as apparently we didn't totally understand how it should be defined.
I used this occasion to read one more time all the slides from the lecture, to be sure that I got and understood all the terminology behind an agile development. This helped me to understand what was missing in our first versions of the product backlog and scrum board. 

I wanted to make sure that we have a correct product backlog, before starting to implement our ideas. It is why I suggested to the rest of the group a new version of it, that we discussed and changed so that everyone agrees on how we split up our project into epics and manageable user stories.

As I wrote in my last reflection, we were thinking about moving from Google Docs to Trello to have our scrum board well structured and easily modifiable. I spent some time discovering how Trello works and which features could be useful for us. I think that I will be now able to help my team members if any of them needs some help, while using it. I always enjoy discovering new tools that make a project management way easier and I am glad to see that I have already started discovering some of these.
Now that we have a simple but functional scrum board, I believe that splitting different tasks will be done much faster with everyone knowing what he has to do before which deadline.

I know that I still have much work to do concerning Android Studio. I have started trying its different functionalities and watched some tutorials, but there is still a lot of things I will learn from using it during this project. My goal for now is to finish discovering its basic features and start programming in it. I will also try to help others who can obviously have troubles with working in this new environment, but I am sure that with a good communication between teammates we will all learn and be able to move forward at the same pace.

Cezary Januszek

