My individual reflection week4: 

At the beggining of this week, we received feedback from our supervisor on
aspects that he suggested we improve, like the product bakclog. His feedback
was very positive as he found that we defined well the user stories and tasks.
However he advised us to try to rethink and increase the verticality of some
of the user stories, while we progress during the project.

The main focus of the whole team this week was to make each one of us discover
the basic functionnalities of AndroidStudio by trying to do a first prototype
of a welcome screen. As each team member did his/her own welcome screen for
the app, this allowed us to see some different ideas and concepts. After a
meeting we agreed what elements and ideas we should keep for our project.

I also took some time to reconsider how my individual reflections should look
like and I found out that they should follow the A,B,A->B reflective loop in a
clearer way. That is why I decided from this week to clearly distinguish these
different parts of my reflections.

What is the current situation? (A)
As we made the final changes to our product backlog and transferred the Scrum borad
to Trello at the end of last week, we decided that now we focus on starting the
implementation of our app. We chose its name - "GreenTips", suggested by Endrit that we 
all found great. Then as I said in the intro, we agreed that each of us should do its own
Welcome Screen and logo for the app to discover how to do this simple task in AndroidStudio.
This idea worked very well as each of us presented to others, during a meeting and after it,
his/her own concept. That allowed us to make the best choices for each element and start the
project by combining some of everyone's ideas into a final concept of the app.
I think that this is a great way to start as it forced us to discover on our own how to do such
simple things in a new working environment which AndroidStudio is for us all. All the team now can
progress and start more difficult implementation knowing that we all start with the same basic knowledge
and at the same pace.

What I want the situation to be? (B) 
With the end of this week, after the decisions we made I believe that we can move our first user stories
(Welcome screen, Information/Help) to the "Done" section of our Scrum board. I think that for this coming week
we should split between the team members the different user stories and tasks to start the implementation of the main 
features of our app. In my opinion we should also decide in advance about our meetings at precise hours, as the last weeks 
we were very often changing the hour of the meeting to be able to match everyone's schedule. However, almost each time every 
member of the team was present at each meeting. Planned meetings will surely help us to planify better our work. I also want to
continue learning to code in AndroidStudio to become more efficient and confident about using it.

Plan to reduce the gap (A->B):
I know that to be more at ease with using new tools, I just have to spent some more time practising and discovering its functionnalities.
The best way to do it will be to have a goal to reach (like having to implement a precise user story) in a given deadline. I believe that
meetings with the team will be also very helpful as we could address our issues and receive help from others that learned faster than we did.
As a team we should therefore, planify the whole sprint after the supervision hour, so that everyone knows when we will have meetings and how 
much time we have to implement chosen features of our app. Communication in our team must remain as good as it was until know, but we must
improve our process of making decisions as a team.
  