Initial thoughts on the course: My  name is Mohammed Al-fatlawi and i have high hopes for this course and this project, I want to simulate the experience of working as an engineers in a team environment for a big company. Its also very intresting to see how the others in our group handle diffrent obestacles and how they apporach a solution, this will also be a good learning experince for me.
what do I want to learn or understand better? : I want to learn the routine of working to get a project done (to get into the groove), how the learning process for somehting i dont know and how to best approach it, also how to sow in code from the others in the group and make it work. I think its really good to get into a routine where i know what do in a orderly fashion where i start with a review of what we have done nad fix the things that needs fixing, I also ask questions of the others if i need any help, then i proceed to do the days woork. So what i really want to learn is the culture of working in a group on a project. And I would like to learn how to code in a better way, more effiecnt. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? : I can ask the team on our meetings if they need help with something, anyhing from the code to the way you approach the code or an idea, i try and help them find their own way of the coming up with the solution. When it comes to the team as a whole i think discussion is the key for the team to learn beause everyone gets to have an input so good ideas or good solution dont go to waste by not speaking them outloud. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? : I will do my part of the job that we have set for our self and try to improve the use of the scrum if i have any ideas to share with the team, also i try to help the whole teams scrum by helping the other teammembers with problems if they have any. I also try help the scrum master to orginze the meeting in a smoother way and try to always be avilable to everyone. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? :  I try to do my part in the work and not delay or get the team down, I also try to help the other members with problems they may face with the execution of their goals and needs when it comes to the project. I try to get my deliveries on time so I wont halt the overwall development of the product. 
Conclusion: i look forward to doing my best and learning the the most i can during this wonderful experince. 
