My personal reflection about the second week of this first sprint:

We have learned and practiced pretty much on github this passed week, so I would definitely check this goal since I wanted to be more confidence using 
this program while being able to utilize the different features that github contains for better results. Downloading extensions such as gitKraken to a
more efficent process for the project. Next week we'll be working a lot more with the development of our app in Android Studio, something I'm personally 
very excited to be working with since it feels more like my comfort area in this project.

Things in the group seems to work perfectly at the moment, we have a very strong group that have really easy to colaborate with each other. I've maybe 
been having a little bit more difficult than the others to adapt my schedule with the group's since I've been working at more uncomfortable times during 
this passed week but that's now problem solved to all the comming weeks for this project.

I think our way using Scrum in this project has been very effective since we're almost having daily meetings where been talking about what we've been
doing to have a better understanding on this agile-method at the same time that we've been improving our skills on this program gitHub. If some of us
feels that he/she doesn't understand something then we're all there to help each other. We also have decided how long and how many our sprints are going 
to be for this prokect.

We've also decided what product we're going to make for this project and we all agree that we want to produce an android app that targets one of FN goals. 
The idea behind the app is basically that we want to be able to inform people on how they can lower their fossil fuel total daily emissions and how they 
could, despite our global situation, contribute less to global warming in a more persoanl perspective. I even contributed to form the appearance of app's 
interface, the contain and in what languages, together with the rest of the team.
