My personal reflection about this fifth week of the third sprint of this project:

(A)I personally have to say that it's been a very fun and at the same time a very efficient week, where almost everything has been learning about xml in 
Andorid studio. Learning the different features that Android offers to custom the plattform from simple things as how to make a simple TextView, to more
complicated things as how to make a modern custom menu coming out of a custom toolbar. (B) The goal for right now I think it could be to make those options
that has been implemented in the menu more operative and responsive. (A->B) And the only way I see it for making it to this "goal" is to just keep on
programming so we can check this features.

All the meetings we've had with the entire group seems to work perfect at the moment, we have (as I mentioned in ealier reflections) really easy to work 
with each other. I've got so much more time now that I planned my schedule for my work and that's a difference that I've personally noticed very much these
days since I've been having more free time to be able to catch up some things I had missed a little on the first weeks plus new knowledge about using Android
studio.

I think that our way using Scrum in this project has been very effective since we're almost having daily meetings where been talking about what we've been
doing to have a better understanding on this agile-method at the same time that we've been improving our skills on this program gitHub. If some of us
feels that he/she doesn't understand something then we're all there to help each other. We also have decided how long and how many our sprints are going 
to be for this project.

(A)We've decided last week that the best thing we could do at the moment were to start programming the background of the app and choose the one we all like
the most. This would at the same time be like small introduction to Android Studio so we can get more comfortable with this program and its different features,
such as the combination with the markup language XML and its interaction with the Java.classes for making the app. (B)The goal with this "exercise" is for, as I
said, getting more comfortable with Android Studio wich I believe we've done well.(A->B) 
