My personal reflections for the second week during the first sprint.

About our project:
We have finished quite a few of the things in our to-do list for these few two weeks. Our tasks for this week were to finish the delegation of roles, 
define rules within the team, decide initial deadlines for each sprint and reflections (team and individual, which are in progress right now).
Most of the other things we've decided and are finished with (for example backlog, color coordination and development architecture) are discussed 
more in depth in the team reflection. 

With risk of being repetitive and relaying the same information as in the team reflection I'll keep it short and briefly mention that we've ultimately 
decided on the same idea mentioned in my earlier reflection, but also decided on using Android Studio for the development and GitKraken for the version control. 
We go more in depth about this in our team reflection.

About this sprint:
As I mentioned earlier, we have decided deadlines for the sprints. This has resulted in this and the previous week being part of the same sprint - the first sprint, 
so I've named this reflection "Sprint 1, week 2" rather than sprint 2. The reason for this is that we argued that we're sort of still in the same "stage" of 
the development, the initial planning. 

If I look back on last week and compare it to today, I believe that while we of course have come quite a bit forward in our planning, we still haven't gotten to 
the point where the development really takes its course. My thoughts are that this "rush" och "sprint" forward will begin starting  next week - which is when 
we've decided to start the actual programming of the application.

If I reflect on the week using the A, B, A -> B reflective loop and trying to answer the questions asked there I can already see a bit of individual progress. 
I mentioned in my earlier reflection that I'm quite keen on learning how to use Git (since I haven't got any deeper experience in that) and I can already say 
that I can see improvements in my knowledge about it. With the help of our team member Cezary Januszek, we have set up a system where we work with GitKraken 
which all members of our team agree on is a lot simpler and user friendly than only using the terminal. 

In turn, I relayed some of the knowledge and information I received from Cezary to other members as well which is a sign that the team is helping each other 
with understanding and learning new technologies (as asked in question two in the A,B, A->B reflective loop) which I personally really like. 

Regarding the use of Scrum, the team hasn't yet started working with the stories but we have, according to us, well defined roles and know what we want to achieve. 
We have set up a Scrum board (including stories and bugs) on our google doc, which we eventually plan on moving to the tool Trello, which in turn is compatible with 
GitKraken, so that we have a combined, smooth infrastructure for our development. My contribution to the use of Scrum is, according to me, trying to let each person 
come up with ideas and address issues we have. I'll try to include all people by directly addressing them and asking for their input and will avoid making any sort 
of decision without having all members having said their thoughts. This has resulted in an evolved Scrum board and also ideas about digital tools which is a healthy sign.

My contribution towards the team's deliveries is trying to set up regular meetings, which of course isn't always possible because of conflicting schedules which includes 
me as well as other team members. We are taking an approach to solve this issue by having a set schedule which we decide ahead of each sprint. Impromptu or critical 
meetings will of course happen as well.

I mentioned in my earlier reflection that I look forward towards being a Scrum master. It is proving to be both fun and a bit challenging, but is made a lot easier 
by having active and motivated team member who I feel all are interested in the project. I look forward to continue working with this team which I feel has a lot 
of potential and I have no doubt that in the end we will have reached our goal by working together.

I also have no doubts that the roles will be somewhat redefined and new goals being set as we move towards the more acute and, in loss of better words, critical 
sprints when the actual development starts. I am quite keen on learning how to use Android Studio since we've decided to go with it. Because no one in our team has any meaningful experience with Android Studio, it will be both fun and challenging to learn and it will especially require good teamwork to maximize our knowledge in it. 

Endrit
