Reflections week 3:

On Monday this week we had our first supervision meeting with Hannes. I personally found it very giving and my thoughts are that it will
be and extremely important part of our project. He gave me a few good tips as the product owner and mentioned somethings that weren't as good as they could be,
for example the backlog. I remade our backlog including epics and themes and other members of the team have updated it and made it much better, which is a
great thing that shows good initiative.

During this week I've mostly tried to familiarize myself with Android Studio. Our supervisor had also made his project in Android Studio and told us that it's
quite a bit different from developing "regular" Java and asked us to upload a Hello World made in Android Studio. His remarks were very true - it is very different
and is a completely different environment to work in. I have mostly played around in Android Studio and learnt a few of the basics; how to change background colours,
add tabs, add text and different content by utilising the .xml-files, and while the learning curve seems quite hard I think we made the right choice using Android Studio.
It will probably pose a bit of a challenge developing in a completely new environment but it is quite honest fun and very "modern" (so to speak)

Cezary has also taken the initivative to set up Trello and has transferred the stories and Scrum board to it which is very good. I have also connected Trello to
GitKraken (the Git tool which I wrote about in my second reflection) so we've mostly organised our development areas quite good.

Regarding the A, B, A->B loop, there's a thing I'll have to check with our supervisor since I'm not quite sure whether the "B"-part refers to where we want to be in this
projector if it is where I think I should be at the same point in a future project, but for now I'll continue with the same principle as in earlier reflections.

So to tie everything according to the A, B, A->B loop I'd summarize it by:

A:
The current situation is that all organizational issues and preliminary planning is now finished. I have set up my development environments, we have defined an extremely better
backlog (which was one of the remarks that weren't so good) and I now have a very clear idea of what we are doing.

B:
If I refer to B as where I want to be in the project by next reflection, I'd without doubt say that we have at least finished some of the coding stories since it would be too
big of a risk to delay it further and being in a situation where only have a few weeks and a lot of stories left. So by this weekend or the start of next week I'd like for 
us to have started coding the actual application.

If I refer to B as where I would like to be at this point in a similar project in the future I'd say perhaps a bit further than we are now. I'd like to have finished all the
organizational parts a lot earlier, maybe as soon as the first week. Although it might have taken a bit longer than necessary I still find our current situation understandable
since we are working in a completely new environment which takes a bit more preparing. Another thing as that we're quite a big group (which I guess is good preparation for the
future) and it's a bit more difficult to organize six people compared to the usual school projects of 2-3 people

A->B:
The simplest way to achieve this gap-reduction is simply by more efficient planning. Perhaps choosing an environment one is familiar with is also a way reduce the gap, 
although we find that the knowledge we recieve is valueable enough to justify using a more difficult (in some sense) tool.

In conlusion, the thing I need to learn better (with a large margin) is to work in Android Studio. I'm sure, as our supervisor mentioned, it will pose a bit of a challenge for
all members. The way we can make it easier is by sharing knowledge we acquire in the program. Perhaps documenting the progress we make is a good way to do this.

Endrit Karpuzi
