My personal reflections for the first week/sprints.
About our project: 
We managed to make up a team of 6 people which all seem to be engaged and interested in the course. During the first 2 days of the course we mostly brainstormed an idea for a project, and our thoughts ranged from a "give a away food about to expire/not needed"-app to a "loan your bike for free"-app. 
We ultimately decided on a kind of app where you have a start screen with different categories, such as "Transport, Workplace, Home, Outdoors" etc, where under each category we give the user tips on how to minimize their emissions and live a more environment friendly life, since the application needs to be tied to one of the UN sustainable goals.

About this sprint:
Since this is the first sprint I really don't have a lot to look back on. On the contrary, this sprint has mostly consisted of planning ahead. We decided on me being the Scrum Master for this project. I personally feel comfortable in this role since I used to work as a Project Administrator for DB Schenker during 2 years which heavily relied on the Scrum method.
I feel that my role will mostly be to organise the team (during the first sprint) and try to advance the discussions we have by both highlighting and critiquing ideas that are put on the table. It's been working quite well during this first sprint with planning which resulted in a project idea we all approved and are comfortable with.
Using the A, B, A -> B model, the current situation is the projects initial state. Our "should be"-state until next week is having a clear and cut plan and way of approaching the development of our application. We are still in the "administrative" or "organizational" part of our project where we are delegating responsibilities and making sure each member knows what to do and what is expected from them. This will (or at least should) be done by the start of next week so that we don't spend too much time on extremely small details, but it is also important to have a clear cut plan and clear responsibilites to avoid unnecessary changes of plans in the later sprins.
While this project only spans over 10 weeks and doesn't leave much room for development compared to a "real life" or "workplace"-project, I still believe there is a possibilty to create something that has value for the regular user. As stated above, the app isn't perhaps the most advanced, yet it allows each user to change their way of living and, albeit small, make some sort of difference. 
While not the focus of the course, I still feel this project will give me a lot of room to improve in technologies such as github, since while I've used it, I've never used it as an integral part of my previous projects. 
I feel the best approach towards learning as much as possible and delivering a stable product is by having regular meetings with the team members where we with full honesty tell each other how things are going individually, that we immediately tell each outher if an assignment we've been handed out is "too much" and whether we feel comfortable in our role, so that we can fix any types of problems as soon as possible and not relying on the member doings thing individually without input.
The part I feel the most excited about learning is being the Scrum master. It will be rather interesting to see how I fare in this role and whether I'll be able to push the project ahead and be able to help the team members the way I want to. I'm quite hopeful it will work just fine and give me experience that will be useful in the future.
One problem I've already encountered is whether we should use an own Scrum board or use one online. My initial thoughts are that we could probably organize it simple enough in a Google document but this is also subject to change.

My time spent this week: Approximately 10 hours. 

Endrit Karpuzi