My personal reflection about this third week of the now second sprint of the project:

I personally have to say that I've learned and practiced pretty much on Android studio, since I noticed that there was a pretty big difference from just
knowing Java-programming. I didn't expect to have to practice so much on this platform but I would actually check this as goal since I can definetly say 
that I do have a better knowledge about how the appearance of the app's structureto is like and I feel even more confidence using this program.
So next week we'll be working a lot more developing the different stories of the product's backlog, something I'm again very excited to be working with 
since programming feels for sure more like my comfort area in this project.

All the meetings we've had with the entire group seems to work perfect at the moment, we have (as I mentioned in ealier reflections) really easy to work 
with each other. I've got so much more time now that I planned my schedule for my work and that's a difference that I've personally noticed very much these
days since I've been having more free time to be able to catch up some things I had missed a little on the first weeks plus new knowledge about using Android
studio.

I think that our way using Scrum in this project has been very effective since we're almost having daily meetings where been talking about what we've been
doing to have a better understanding on this agile-method at the same time that we've been improving our skills on this program gitHub. If some of us
feels that he/she doesn't understand something then we're all there to help each other. We also have decided how long and how many our sprints are going 
to be for this prokect.

The only thing we missed last week was that we missunderstood a little at first and forgot to make the stories and user-stories for the product's baklog, that
and that we also had made the Hello World-file in just Java when it actually had tobe more for an Android-studio project. So we learned to interact with xml
an Java for this part of the project and I have to say that's it's been going very well so far.
