My name is Alexis Tello and I am  very excited to do this project with the rest of my group. I am ready to learn to program and to work in a team environment. My passion is to code and to plan so this will be a good experience i think to test myself with.                                                                                                                                             
what do I want to learn or understand better : I want to learn to code more and in good ways where I do it in an efficient way so that I won't waste any time doing things slowly if I can do them faster and better. I also want to understand how a team works in the best way possible to produce the best product possible, i also want to learn to keep good schedule so that i get into a healthy and effective routine were i know what to do at all times and no time wasted on wondering if i should work on other things while someone else is doing the same thing, so better coding, better teamwork and better time management. I feel this will also be a good opportunity to see how engineers in big companies when it comes to projects like these. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? :  I like to help other people as much as I can in the best way I can. I will identify my strengths and weaknesses to my team members so that they know what I am good at and what I can help them with. But I will also let them know that if they don't understand something that i am not that good at they still can come to me so that we can try and figure the solution out together so that both of us can learn.  I will also try and help the team with the project as a whole if we are stuck on an idea or how to approach a big problem that many of us have to deal with. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum : I will always try to be on time when it comes to the things we have decided to finish and not delay the whole project, I will also try and encourage the team as a whole and deliver feedback on what we could have done better and how we can do it to the next scrum we have so that we develop as we work and not repeat the same mistake twice. I will also try to feed the scrum with as much information as I can so that we always have the big picture ready if someone needs it. 
What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? : The same thing goes here. I will always try to be on time and not delay, I will also ask for help as soon as I need it so that the finished product can be ready on time so i won't delay the others because of a problem I have. I intend to do my work to its fullest and help the others if they need any. I will also try to enforce a positive work environment to everyone included in the team so that no one will feel unnecessary stress or maybe feel they are not included. Because this is after all a product done by multiple people so good moral and good teamwork is needed for us to succeed. 
I have high hopes for the coming weeks and hope the best for the entire team and the finished product.
