Team reflection for week 3:

During this week we have mostly focused on finalizing our planing, meaning that we've have a final plan for which architecture and developing background we will use.
This week started with a supervision meeting with our supervisor Hannes. During this meeting he made some good remarks about our product backlog which wasn't exactly how it
was supposed to be. We had basically put our sprint planning there rather than the epics and themes for our application. So the first thing we focused on 
was to fix the backlog and we now have a (according to us) final backlog which is a lot better. We've also decided deadlines for our coming reflection
and this has been set to Sundays at 23:59 so that we have time to reflect on any questions we have in preperation for the supervision meeting.

Hannes also informed us that working in Android Studio is quite a bit different than "regular" java-development, which proved to be true. He advised us to upload a 
Hello World-file made in Android Studio which all team members have done. The common thought among the group members is that working in Android Studio will be 
very different and will be a bit of a challenge but we are all eager to learn and will view this as a learning experience.

We have also transferred our Scrum board and the backlog to Trello and have implemented Trello in our GitKraken-project (the UI for Git which we mention in
earlier reflections). This means that pretty much the whole planning is done and starting next sprint (week 4) the development will start.
Our Trello-board can be found here: https://trello.com/b/nDEd7XCT/scrum-board

Our social contract:
Our thoughts regarding the social contract for this week are that each member has put in the work required for the goals of this week. While we wanted to start 
developing the app, the consensus among the members was that we needed to define our stories, our backlogs, our sprints better and also finalize our preliminary 
planning which we consider have been achieved.

Our KPIs:
For the productivity levels of this week was okay even though we had some issues with things from earlier sprints, as mentioned earlier. 
As a group we would put this at 3.5, because while we didn't manage to do the things we actually wanted and had to focus on fixing issues from earlier weeks.

For the stress levels, we would put it at a 2. The issues we had weren't neither critical nor time-consuming but made a bit of a dent in our planning.

For the team sastisfaction we would put it at 3. As mentioned earlier we would probably been more satisfied if we had started with the development of the application,
but we are still satisfied to have finalized our earlier issues.

For the next sprint:
Starting Monday we plan to start developing the application. The stories are well defined in Trello and we have a clear idea of where to start.
By the end of next week we would like to at least have programmed some of the basic functionalities and have a bit of GUI finished.

A conclusion of this week using the A, B, A->B reflective loop the situation as of now is the planning for the development is finished (such as tools and programs we will use), 
and all stories are defined.

We have had a few problems, such as the backlog and stories not being well defined and for a future project (B) this shouldn't be as big of a problems
since this was the first time working in a team using the agile method. We've had some issues deciding on the architecture (Trello, GitKraken, Android Studio) and for a 
similar project in the future this should probably be finished earlier.

In order to reduce this gap, the main way to address these problems (A -> B) in a future project would be to maybe have longer, more frequent initial meetings for the planning
as this sets the tone for the rest of the project. By gaining knowledge about the tools/methods we are going to ise (Scrum, agile, android studio, definitions of backlogs etc) 
in advance, it reduces the amount of things needed to be fixed later in the project.

Endrit, Alexis, Mohammed, Smedra, Firel, Cezary
