My individual reflection (Sprint1-week2):

During this second week of the course, we decided on what the final scope of the project will look like.
We had a first Zoom meeting with the whole team, during which I had the opportunity to meet all the members
and know them a little better. 
Within the team, we discussed on how we want to approach this project and what tools are we familiar with
and which ones we would like to discover during this course.

I had a first opportunity to help the team, as I have already used Git in a few previous projects I did at my home university.
I suggested that we use GitKraken as a GUI Git client, as I find it to be one of the most intuitive ways to handle Git and to visualize
how version control works. I was glad to see that after I clarified some aspects of it to one member of the team, he was able to help
others with familiarizing with this tool. I think that the help every single one of us can provide should work, exactly like that; others
who just received some help will be able to explain things they've just understood to the rest of the team if needed.

For this week, we had to create a Hello World in our repo, so I used this occasion to start discovering Android Studio (which we will use 
for the creation of our application). As any of the team members never used it before, we will all gain much experience by learning how to use
this tool together. As decided with our team, we want to start programming during the next sprint(week) and I'll try to learn how to 
properly use this IDE from tutorials, before that. The most of the time we will learn from resources each of us find by himself, and sharing
them with the others (for example: sending a link to a useful tutorial for git) should be the essential part to make sure that every member
learns and understand how our project progresses.  

We have also discussed about the format our Scrum board should have. For now, it is a simple Google Doc, but we agreed that on a longer term it might be easier to switch to another agile project development board like Trello or GitKraken boards. Both of these can be synchronized with GitKraken which I find to be an interesting solution for being able to manage almost the whole project using one tool. 

I personally have to recall some aspects of Java, as we decided that we will be programming in this language. I didn't use it since my 1st year of Bachelor, when I did 3 projects using it. I know that after starting to program our application in the 2nd sprint I will quickly recall how to use it properly and I hope to get help if needed from my teammates, or maybe on the other hand I would be able to give them some tips. 

I remain very excited to see how this project will progress during the coming weeks. I feel that within the team we set up properly the concept of this project development and the tools we will be using. I also set up my personal goals (practice some more Java, learn to use Android Studio, discover the agile way of managing a project etc.) and I am looking forward to begin my journey to accomplish them.

Cezary Januszek